[street noise]
A man is on his way to an underground station. It
is a gray day in the city. People walk past him
and a skateboarder speeds down the street. He is
wearing a long black coat, carrying a briefcase,
and wearing black headphones. He is also
holding his mobile phone in his hand,
his gaze mostly fixed on it. He can only
be seen from behind and from the side.
[street noise]
Just before he goes down into
the station, he stops, briefly,
glances at the display board,
and then continues scrolling on
his mobile phone. He walks slowly and
mechanically down the subway stairs.
[♪ Monday, Monday by The Mamas & the Papas starts ♪]
[♪ Monday, Monday ♪]
[♪ So good to me ♪]
[♪ Monday mornin'
it was all I hoped it would be ♪]
[♪ Oh, Monday mornin'
Monday & mornin' couldn't guarantee ♪]
The man walks through a quiet
subway station with escalators, glass railings,
and a striking light installation consisting of
many warmly glowing light bulbs above the openarea.
The blue tiled walls and cool lighting
create a businesslike, slightly distantatmosphere.
He continues to look at his phone
and takes the next escalator to the platform.
A stranger is standing in a
corner of the station.
[♪ with me ♪]
[♪ Monday, Monday ♪]
[♪ can't trust that day ♪]
[♪ Monday, Monday
Sometimes it just turns out that way ♪]
[♪ Oh, Monday mornin' ♪]
Arriving at the platform, he walks along it and continues scrolling through his mobile phone.
The walls are covered with colorful graffiti. The floor istiled in white. A few people are standing on
the platform. He looks at the timetable. He walks pastother passengers but does not notice them.
[♪ you gave me no warnin' of what was to be ♪]
[♪ Oh, Monday, Monday
how could you leave and not take me? ♪]
[♪ Every other day (every other day) Every other day
Every other day of the week is fine, yeah ♪]
[♪ But whenever Monday comes (but whenever Monday comes) But whenever Monday comes
You can find me cryin′ all of the time ♪]
[♪ Monday, Monday ♪]
[♪ So good to me ♪]
He sits down alone on ametal bench, puts his mobile phone away,
and waits impatiently for the train. He looks
alternately to the left and right. Even before
the train arrives, he walks to the edge of the
platform. Closeup of the man from behind with
the blurred train arriving in the background.
[subway noise]
The man sits in the train
and stares blankly out of
the window. Outside the underground
window, the tunnel walls rush past.
[♪ Monday, Monday by the Mamas & the Papas plays quietly in the background ♪]
Closeup of the start ofan escalator and the display showing a greenfigure
and an arrow pointing upwards indicating
that the escalator is moving up. Then two empty
escalators side by side, one moving upwards and
the other downwards.
[music]
The man now rides up the escalator shown
above. Closeup of a display board showing
the next connections. Side view of the man riding
up another escalator. He is carrying his briefcase
over his shoulder. The wall is covered with yellow
tiles. Subtitle. It's all just muscle memory.
[music]
Focus on a wet pavement. In the background
is a wall of glass bricks through which lightshines.
It is already dark. The camera
zooms out to show the entire scene.
Two pavements under a bridge separated
by a road. People are walking along bothsides.
One of these people is the man. Several
shots show the man from different perspectives
from the front, side, and back. Then the
man disappears from the frame.
Subtitle: One. Long. uninterrupted hum of noise.
I'm awake, but I'm not really there.
[music]
Aerial shot of a busy multi-lane road in
the evening.
Subtitle: Next thing I know,I've made it back home somehow.
[Door unlocking noise]
The man opens the door and the scene is
illuminated by light streaming into the
apartment through the crack in the
door. He enters, puts the key away,
closes the door behind him,
and it becomes dark.
Subtitle: Staring at the door, trying to remember
if I spoke a single real word today.
The man walks into his living room. There is
a gray two-seater sofa and a white table in
front of it. He throws his briefcase onto
the sofa. He takes off his headphones and
coat and drops down onto the sofa. He kicks off
his dress shoes, shown in closeup. He unbuttons
his white shirt. Subtitle: The room is quiet.
I tell myself to just relax, to just let go.
[groan]
He appears tense and exhausted.
He rubs his hands over his face,
puts his head in his hands with his elbows on
the table, runs his fingers through his hair,
and then stands up. Subtitle:
But the silence just feels loud.
[sound open refrigerator]
[♪ What a Difference a Day Makes by Dinah Washington starts ♪]
View from inside the refrigerator. The man opens
the refrigerator and stands in front of it,
looks inside, searches for something,
takes out a beer, straightens up,
and closes the refrigeratoragain.
[♪ What a difference a day made ♪]
[♪ Twenty-four little hours ♪]
[♪ Brought the sun an the flowers ♪]
The man sits infront of the sofa next to the table
drinking his beer. The television is on
and he stares thoughtfully at the floor.
He sits in front of the table and stares
at the television. There are two bottles
of beer on the table. He sits on the
sofa with his coat pulled over his head,
continuing to stare at the television. He
stands next to the sofa and drinks beer.
He sits on the sofa scrolling on his mobile phone,
his feet on the table with three beer bottles.
The television is on. He paces back and forth
next to the sofa. The television is always on.
[♪ Where there used to be rain ♪]
[♪ My yester ♪]
He stands on his balcony and lights a cigarette.
It is already dark outside. Closeup of him
as he takes a drag from the cigarette.
Subtitle: You stick to your old habits.
[♪ day was blue, dear ♪]
[♪ Today I'm a part of you, dear ♪]
[♪ My lonely nights are through, dear ♪]
The man is lying on his side in bed
with his clothes on scrolling through
his mobile phone. He turns off the phone
and places it beside him on the bed.
He turns onto his back and looks thoughtful.
Subtitle: and then repeat it all over again.
[fast-forward noise]
In a reduced view, what has been seen so far
appears again in a quick run through from
the entrance to the subway station, across the
platform, waiting for the train and walking home.
[♪ Monday, Monday by the Mamas & the Papas starts ♪]
[♪ Monday, Monday ♪]
The same scene as theday before. The man approaches the entrance to
the underground station wearing headphones and
holding a mobile phone in his hand.
[♪ So good ♪]
[♪Born of a Star by Izar ♪]
[footsteps]
As he takes his first step down, the stranger
suddenly jumps out from the side and snatches
his mobile phone. The stranger is only visible
for a moment. He is wearing a black cap and
several layers of clothing. He runs away with
the mobile phone. The man runs after him down the
street past other people. The stranger gains more
and more distance. Then the man turns a corner.
[♪Born of a Star by Izar ♪]
[footsteps]
First the stranger is seen
running past a row of mirrored houses.
Then from the perspective of the stolen mobile
phone, the stranger is seen running. Finally,
the man runs past the same row of houses.
[♪Born of a Star by Izar ♪]
[footsteps]
The man runs around thenext corner into another street, runs to the end,
and looks left and right.
[♪Born of a Star by Izar ♪]
The man walks on pensively along
a harbor. Large modern houses can be seen in
the background. He walks along a glass railing.
To his left is the harbor basin. It is gray
outside and there is light snow on the path.
[♪Born of a Star by Izar ♪]
The man is now standing on a platform and looking
down. He sees the stranger sitting on a stone
bench below holding his phone. The harbor
basin can be seen in the background.
[♪Born of a Star by Izar ♪]
Closeup of the stranger sitting on the bench smoking
and scrolling through the man's mobile phone.
The man approaches him, knocks the cigarette
out of his hand, grabs him by the collar,
and addresses the stranger.
The stranger grabs his arm to urge him to
sit down. The man sits down on the bench to the
right of the stranger. The stranger hands back
the mobile phone.
[click click]
The stranger lights a cigarette and starts
smoking. Closeup of the stranger.
The stranger looks directly into the
camera. Then he stands up and leaves.
Closeup of the man watching him go.
The stranger stands by the shore and
looks out toward the water.
The stranger leaves. The man now
sits alone on the bench looking
at the water thinking. He stands up
and walks out of the frame.
[♪ A Voz Do Violão by God3PS ♪]
The man walks through a busy avenue at sunset withbenches.
He is walking toward the
camera.
View of the prominade toward the city
center. The man is seen from behind as he walks
along the path. View of a bridge over the
river. People walk along the prominade.
Theman leans on the railing by the riverbank and
looks at the water.
A man and a woman walk along the proomenade
talking.
At the bottom of a set of stairs, twowomen are talking.
The man is sitting on the steps holding
a briefcase between his legs. His upper
body is not visible. Change of perspective.
The man is now seen from behind sitting on
the steps and looking at the water.
Other people are sitting around himon the steps.
A path further above theriver, a couple moves toward the camera.
The man seen from behind looks over a railing.
View from below of his upper body. He is
wearing headphones around his neck.
A couple stands at the railing by
the riverbank looking at the water.
Another couple with a dog runs past them
at him.
A man stands alone at the railing
looking at the water while other people walk by
in the background.
The man's feet can be seen as he walks.
Closeup ofthe man lying in bed with his eyes closed.
[♪ Stranger by Greek starts quietly and gets louder   ♪]
The same setting as on the other days.
The man walks toward the subway entrance
wearing a coat and headphones and holding
a mobile phone in his hand. He looks up,
puts his mobile phone away, takes off his
headphones, and runs down the stairs.
[music]
Fade in a black screen with yellow title 'Toolate to notice'
[♪ Don't you worry, I'm just passing through ♪]
[♪ Just a stranger, that's all to you ♪]
Black screen with end credits.
[♪ old and blue ♪]
[♪ Don't be in a hurry, there's room for two ♪]
[♪ Share a moment to pass her by
in this wasteland, I'm cursed for time ♪]
[♪ In a moment you'll be gone ♪]
[♪ Just a stranger in my mind ♪]
[♪ Don't be a stranger
Let your mind at ease (Don't be a stranger)
I hope that you'll find peace (Don't be a stranger) ♪]
that you find peace. Don't be
a [singing] strange. [music]
[♪ (Don't be a stranger)  Don't be - ♪]